Merge training (#4)
kedro-org/kedro-academy: training/README.md

# Kedro Training

> This repository contains training materials that will teach you how to use [Kedro](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro). This content is based on the standard [spaceflights tutorial described in the Kedro documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/spaceflights_tutorial.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains legacy materials used previously for basic [Kedro](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro) training. The content is based on the standard [spaceflights tutorial described in the Kedro documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/spaceflights_tutorial.html).
```

Reviewer: I've gone hard on making it clear this is old

The training documentation was most recently updated against Kedro 0.17.2 in March 2021.

> To get started, navigate to the [training_docs](./training_docs/01_welcome.md) to see what is covered in the training, and how to ensure you get the most out of the time you set aside for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, navigate to [training_docs](./training_docs/01_welcome.md) to see what is covered.
```
